Update material for SARS-CoV-2 workshop (#754)
usegalaxy-eu/website: _events/2021-06-21-sars-cov-2-data-analysis-monitoring-training.md

# Program

> *Some material is still in preparation (WIP). Most of the material have been developed by a community of people via the [Galaxy Training Network](training.galaxyproject.org/). Some videos were recorded for different previous events, e.g. [GTN Smorgsboard]() or [GCC2021 Training Week](https://galaxyproject.org/events/gcc2021/training/), and were subtitled by several people.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Some material is still in preparation (WIP). Most of the material have been developed by a community of people via the [Galaxy Training Network](training.galaxyproject.org/). Some videos were recorded for different previous events, e.g. [GTN Smörgåsbord](https://shiltemann.github.io/global-galaxy-course/) or [GCC2021 Training Week](https://galaxyproject.org/events/gcc2021/training/), and were captioned by several community members.*
```
